FR #966: Add recency to metadata (#1374)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/metadata_examples/recency_metadata_updating_over_time_dataset_example.md

# Recency Metadata

## Scenario

> ACME provides recency metadata to accompany their FOCUS data export. Acme updates their FOCUS Cost and Usage, data time series dataset, every hour, the data lags by 2 days. In this case the most recent update to the recency data indicates the previously inTimeSectorComplete time sectors are now TimeSectorComplete. It also indicates that previous time sectors have been updated in the dataset. New time sectors have also been added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ACME provides recency metadata to accompany its FOCUS data export. ACME updates its FOCUS Cost and Usage dataset (time series) every hour; however, the data lags by two days. Here, the most recent update to the recency data indicates the previous time sectors are now TimeSectorComplete. It also indicates that previous time sectors have been updated in the dataset. New time sectors have also been added.
```

Reviewer: I feel like there's an opportunity to tighten this section up, the last two sentences feel redundant or can be combined.
